You know each other?
No wonder.
They would recommend Chen Hao to give my grandfather instructions
Are the two of them so kind?
I think 80% of them came to see Chen Hao's jokes
Let me tell you something.
Miss Ye, you misunderstood
Both of us shut up
Get out of here
In other words, this
What are you doing so far away?
I heard that Hua Lao is sick
Specially invited a well-known professor to treat Hua Lao
Professor Weir
You know Professor Weir. He's very famous in America.
Before, my sister wanted to invite him to help me treat
I wasn't available.
So I didn't see it
I didn't expect Miss Ye to be there too
Professor Weir
This time I happened to give a speech in the medical community in Beijing
I paid a lot of money.
I just invited him over
This is Shao Dongjia from Official Jewelry Group
It is also a competitor with our family.
Mr. Hua, you have to think carefully
Your grandfather's illness can only be cured by Professor Will
If you let this milk stink
The unfinished boy will rectify your grandfather.
If something goes wrong with your grandfather
If you regret it then it will be too late